  1. Reorganize the military script
  2. Stealing technology?
    2.1 steal_tech ? I need to figure out what's the right syntax for it
    2.2 gain_tech ? Apparently included in HoI 2, unsure if HoI 3 has the same command for it
  2. Political
    2.1 Baltic
      2.1.1 Estonia and Latvia had an authoritarian government since 1934, Lithuenia had an authoritarian government since the military coup of 1926 under the Lithuanian Nationalist Union and you sure can bet they haven't forgotten about Polish-Lithuanian war of 1919-1920 and a failed Polish attempt at a coup d-etat in 1919 hoping to install a pro-Polish government that would support a Lithuanian-Polish union
      2.1.2 Also, "1938 Polish ultimatum to Lithuania" is going to be very important, let's keep that in mind. It happened on March 17, 1938 so about 2 years into the game (we're starting in 1936) but let's remember about it. What it basically was: Lithuania had no diplomatic relations with Poland and one of the demands was to re-establish those, additionally it demanded that Lithuania amends its constitution and acknowledge Vilnius as a Polish city and no longer a capital of Lithuania. 9 nationalistic organizations urged Smetona, Lithuanian president, to completely reject the ultimatum, however, gen. Stasys Rstikis argued that a military victory over Poland would be impossible. The ultimatum has been accepted
      2.1.3 Now, where does that bring us? Well, all three Baltic countries albeit small all had authoritarian governments, all were still rather shaky, none had international support. Lithuania could've seen this as an opportunity to band together and hit Poland together to reclaim the Vilnius region for Lithuania and kick something to Latvai.
      2.1.4 Could Estonia and Latvia agree to this?
        2.1.4.1 Latvia since their military coup of 1934 was under the State of War instead of their Parliament and Constitution and has been increasing state control over economy, infrastructure etc. In 1935 buyouts and liqudations of German and Jewish owned companies became a norm. By 1939 it was the richest of the Baltic countries with GDP per capita higher than Finland or Austria. Looking just at that it seems like they could have been confident in themselves enough to join this plan, provided they would acquire additional territory. Sure, we could point out that after Munich Agreement Latvia proclaimed absolute neutrality on December 13, 1938, Soviet Union announced that it will defend Latvia's independence, and Germany signed non-aggression treaty on June 7, 1939... buuuuuuuut Munich Agreement happens 2 years into the game and at the point where war is absolutely imminent and Latvia is literally between a growing III Reich and a forever-hungry Soviet Union. Absolute neutrality really was the only way to go, especially to keep their growing industry. After getting Estonia and Lithuania to attack Poland they could have enough self-confidence to go for it. Especially in 1936, just after the coup... :thinking-face:
        2.1.4.2 Estonia... in 1934 Konstantin Pats carried out a coup to prevent a paramilitary anti-socialist organisation - Vaps Movement - from taking over the government through normal election process. Vaps shared some aspects of fascist movements while openly criticizing Nazi and being anti-socialist. Pats then went on to silence his opposition, suspend the Parliament and constitution, and suppress civil and political rights. This is known as the "Era of Silence" which historically ended in 1938... technically (although the opposition party only had 16/64 seats in the parliament after the elections) and in 1940 practically when Soviet Union began occupation of Estonia. Estonia is the most problematic here because there really isn't much to hang onto. They were mostly neautral, there was no bloodshed, Era of Silence was actually pretty lax, and Pats' rule is called "Authoritarian Democracy"...
      2.1.5 This above here isn't even all that important because apparently, according to [Brtiannica](https://www.britannica.com/event/Baltic-Entente#ref104783) in November 1923 Latvia and Estonia formed a bilateral-defense agreement and after they renewed it in February 1934, they invited Lithuania. On September 12, 1934 Lithuania signed the treaty. And there you have it. At this point all you need is what Germans did in Gliwice in 1939 ("Gleiwitz incident") and Lithuania goes to war with Poland... immediately dragging the other two nations into it
    2.2 Balkans
      2.2.1 Okay, let's start with Greece joining WW1 in 1918 and breaking German-Bulgarian front which caused Bulgaria to drop out of the world. In WW2 Germany and Bulgaria would invade Yugoslavia and Greece together. This already creates a foundation for Greek-Bulgarian war. Additionally, for Bulgaria, in 1919 signed Treaty of Neuilly where Bulgaria lost the coast to Greece, all Macedonian territory to Yugoslavia, and Dobruja to Romania. Bulgaria has the most reasons to go to war again, especially after Tsar Boris took over the authoritarian regime and banned opposition parties. Greek-Bulgarian war? Maybe? But also war with Romania? See 2.2.4
      2.2.2 Yugoslavia was growing closer to Germany and Italy which would lead to treaty of friendship between Yugoslavia and Italy in 1937. After that Yugoslavia would be heavily influenced by the Axis powers leading to complete dependency on German market by 1939 (90% of all exports went to Germany). In 1931 Hitler invaded Yugoslavia and created the Independent State of Croatia. What does that give us? It's not much, but basically Yugoslavia would not do anything to endanger Germany or Italy, which means that when Greece goes to war with Bulgaria we could expect at least a harsh diplomatic note from Yugoslavia. Pushed just a little bit by Germany it could lead to Yugoslavian attempt to protect Bulgaria... It's a stretch, I'll give you that.
      2.2.3 Albania is really interesting: in 1931 it took a massive loan from Italy, in 1933 it declined Italian demands and began policy of nationalization and dismissed Italian military advisers. In 1934 it signed trade agreements with Yugoslavia and Greece... Not much to hang onto so far buuuuut when we include the fact that their army was mainly financed by Italy we start seeing a bigger picture here. Same like Yugoslavia - it just needs a push to join the war against Greece
      2.2.4 Romania? 1913 - Second Balkan War where Romania took Southern Dobruja from Bulgaria. 1917 - Bessarabia unites with Romania and calls in Romanian troops to protect it from Soviets. 1920 - Treaty of Trianon which settled border disputes with Hungary (Romania gains part of Transylvania, Hungarians form 31% of the population there and 38% country-wide, in 1930 they demanded political autonomy, which was refused by Bucharest). 1937 - General elections where anti-semitic Iron Guard wins 15% of the total votes. 1938 - King Carol II abolishes parliamentary regime and rules as a dictator. Romania lost a lot in terms of human and natural resources during World War 1 and even by 1939 its industry did not have the technology and machines required for continued growth. High birth rates in rural areas but also high mortality rate, especially among children. Aside from that Bulgaria is now a huge multi-cultural country, with enourmous internal issues, without a strong, modernized military, with Soviet Union on one side and angry neighbors on the other...
      2.2.5 Hungary has a looot to them. Again, 1920 - Treaty of Trianon. Hungary loses a lot of territory to Czechoslovakia, Romania, and Yugoslavia. 30% of all Hungarians lived outside of this new Hungarian state. The Hungarian political attitude towards Trianon could be summed up by Mindent vissza! ("Return everything!"). The perceived humiliation of the treaty became a dominant theme in inter-war Hungarian politics, analogous with the German reaction to the Treaty of Versailles ( <- according to Wikipedia).... to be continued here
